Update language (#38)
LibraryCarpentry/lc-marcedit: _episodes/01-introduction.md

---
## What is MarcEdit?

> MarcEdit is a suite of tools created and maintained by Terry Reese. The tools together form the MarcEdit software. These tools provide numerous features which can be used to create, edit, and work with library metadata, particularly though not limited to records in a variety of MARC formats and standards. In this way, the MarcEdit software is MARC agnostic and can work with Unimarc or MARC21. MarcEdit can be used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MarcEdit is a suite of tools created and maintained by Terry Reese. The tools together form the MarcEdit software. These tools provide numerous features which can be used to create, edit, and work with library metadata, particularly (though not limited to) records in a variety of MARC formats and standards. In this way, the MarcEdit software is MARC agnostic and can work with Unimarc or MARC21. MarcEdit can be used to
```

* make small, single, edits to individual MARC records
* make edits across many MARC records at a single time

> * automate commmon processes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* automate common edits/processes
```

* validate your data against MARC rules
* convert data between different formats
* enhance your data
* pull data from external sources

> The features offered by the suits of MarcEdit tools continue to evolve and new ones are added as the software is updated by Terry Reese. [A list of features](https://marcedit.reeset.net/features) is available on the MarcEdit website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features offered by the suit of MarcEdit tools continue to evolve, with new features added as the software is updated by Terry Reese. [A list of features](https://marcedit.reeset.net/features) is available on the MarcEdit website.
```
